Grandpa!
Of course I passed!
No, really!
I'll be attending their university.
I'll be entering competitions.
And then I'll be in the national team!
The Olympics?
Yeah! Of course I'll be there.
You just wait, grandpa.
I'm bringing that gold medal home.
I'll hang it around your neck!
Oh, right.
They are providing for my housing,
and they are paying my tuition!
Isn't it awesome?
Grandpa. You are eating well, right?
I'll call you often.
All right.
That was careless of you today.
I'm retiring.
I'm serious.
Just as we eat three meals a day,
there's a proper time for retirement.
I'm sick of sports.
Says the person who just
raced like his life depended on it.
Your hatred of losing is
what still drives you.
That boy…
He'll be an excellent
training partner for you.
Do not disappoint me again.
If you lose again…
You'll be his pacesetter.
Of course I will.
Those Olympic medals are everything to you.
What?
I only wanted to make you a good athlete.
Do you know how much effort I put into you?
That was for your own satisfaction.
It wasn't for me.
I'm moving out.
I always stayed in the dorm
while training anyway.
Nothing new, right?
You will commute from home.
No.
Why, you!
What's with the sudden rebellion?
No can one decide your worth
but yourself.
You have excellent musculature, but
you're lacking in basic skills
and competition tactics.
On the other hand, Eun-ho has
strong foundational assets.
Bend down! Lower that hip!
Bend down a bit lower.
Your upper body is rising.
Proper form is the first thing you learn
when you start speed skating.
Sure, sure.
Lower that upper body,
and bend down at the hip.
- Hold your arm!
- Sure, sure…
Move your legs like your pushing
to the sides, step by step.
In other words,
you are just a novice.
Darn it!
Bend down! Lower that hip!
Aaargh!
Oh, and one more thing.
When competing, never get excited.
That's a common rookie mistake.
Losing one's temper when
provoked by an opponent,
and speeding up too much.
Or trying too hard to pass him.
These often lead to defeat.
Oh, you mean like you did the last time?
Why, you…
So what's going on?
What's this sudden urge to practice?
I could say the same to you.
Have you finally realized that
you have a long way to go?
Is that why you are practicing?
I won't deny that.
You have better forms than I do.
What made you admit it?
Looks like you still don't know me.
I admit what's right.
And I do what I set out to do.
That's who I am.
Oh, is that right?
So? You want me to teach you a lesson?
Teach me?
Yeah, right! You wouldn't know fast
if it slapped you in the face!
Stay in your place, man.
You are asking for it!
Come on, then!
Bring it!
Oh, you are dead! Come here!
Oh, is he still at the rink?
He left a while ago,
if you are talking about Man-bok.
No! I'm talking about Ho-young!
He left just now.
Already?
He's supposed to tell me about the match.
Oh, and your ankles are a bit weak, right?
You might need some reinforcement training.
Eun-ho
You dance hard.
But it's not… natural.
There's no soul.
Just because you've got technique,
doesn't mean you dance well.
I'm sorry.
You aren't exactly what we're looking for.
Hey, wipe that drool off your face.
Huh?
She's messing up the restaurant!
Just hold it for a minute!
She's hot!
What is?
What part of her is hot?
Look at those fingertips!
How does she pose like that?
I think she's really pretty.
I guess… technically.
If it weren't for that leg injury
during her childhood,
she would have continued
as a figure skater.
Wait, she had an injury?
When she was little?
Yup. Used to be a promising skater, too.
The next queen of figure skating…
But that was then.
After the injury, she quit.
I thought she was actually studying.
I guess she's just playing around.
Hey, come on.
Your cousin is trying to be an artist,
not playing around.
Artist my foot!
That was really cool, your dance!
I don't know much about dancing,
but I know a good dance when I see it.
That was the best!
Doesn't even matter.
I failed the audition.
Failed?
Oh, that's good!
So you are going back to America?
Not a chance!
I'm going to try until I make it.
By the way, you were really cool earlier!
I've never seen someone on ice
move so freely like that!
You both were amazing.
Nah…
Hey, Ji-na.
Why do you keep showing up here?
I'm not here for you. Stay out of this.
What are they talking about for so long?
Kind of fishy, isn't it?
Not really.
They probably have things to talk about.
Hey, that's your cousin!
This late at night!
All alone with that predator over there…
Are you seriously not worried at all?
Is that strange?
Of course it's strange!
I'm a trustworthy and upright person.
But that guy?
Retire? Yeah, that was careless of you.
I saw your match today.
You obviously love skating, so why retire?
You were skating out there
like you'd never quit.
I used to be an athlete too.
Figure skating.
I quit because of an injury,
but sometimes I still think about it.
Quitting something you love…
Being unable to do something
you really want…
It's really sad.
And you are going to just quit
your beloved speed skating
just to show it to your dad?
No. Don't do that.
You sound like an adult.
Heh, really? Sorry.
Anyway, I just don't think
you should quit sports.
To hear this from you…
I guess I really did make a mistake.
But I'm still moving out.
You are moving out?
Hey, why is he coming with us?
He's looking for a place to live.
Exactly. Why is he heading to your place?
I guess… to ask my mom?
There are real estate offices for a reason!
You're right!
Then, I guess… dinner?
I don't know. I'm starving.
I wonder what mom made for dinner.
By the way, how long are you
staying at our place?
What? You don't like me there?
Just until I'm assigned to a dorm.
Hey, that's not what I meant.
Just curious is all.
Look! A little too close, don't you think?
Do something, man!
Hey! Keep some distance!
Step aside!
My, my! Sorry for the wait!
Sorry for the wait!
Come on! Let's eat!
Thank you!
Enjoy!
Enjoy, Ho-young!
You are not eating?
Huh? Of course I am…
Why? Are you not hungry?
No, that's not it.
This just reminds me of my mother.
She died when I was little.
I can't even imagine
how your mother must've felt…
Leaving this sweet boy behind…
Enjoy.
Pretend your mother made these for you.
We've got plenty,
so have as much as you want.
That's so sad…
Sure is eating like a champion!
Oh, that's right.
He is looking for a place to live.
Do you know anyone
who works at a real estate office?
You are looking for a room?
Yes, but I'm in no hurry!
No hurry?
Don't waste your time searching!
We've got plenty of rooms here!
No? There's that room by the gate.
There's also the storage room.
Just needs some cleaning.
Man-bok and Man-hee have rooms.
They are huge!
Mom!
Don't athletes share rooms
in training camps?
How about it? Do you want to
try sharing Man-bok's room?
Wait. That might be a bit uncomfortable.
Not at all!
It's a nice, big room.
Nothing uncomfortable!
I slept there last night, so I know.
So then… do you want to board here?
Don't worry about meals here!
My cooking skills are like…
you know what I mean?
Now, eat.
Thank you so much.
What are you doing?
Can't you tell?
There was so much dust here!
It'd give you all kinds of disease.
So why stay in this "disease-ridden" room?
Why board here?
You've got a nice house, right?
None of your business!
What happened to my room?
It's weird, right?
You can thank the crawling rich boy here.
Now that's what I call a room.
It was like a pigsty before.
A pigsty? You little…
Anyway, this will be my room from now on.
You two need to… leave.
What are you talking about?
This is my room!
That's right! This is Man-bok's room!
What are you talking about?
Your mother told me to use this room.
Get out!
No! This is my room!
I'm not moving either.
Not moving, huh?
Get out! Now!
- Not a chance!
- You get out!
Get him out!
Open the door and get him out!
But I cleaned that room!
Watch the dust! The dust!
You get out!
You probably all know this already.
This is Kang Ho-young.
He'll be joining us from today.
Let's hear it for him.
He's still new,
so he might need some help adjusting.
Help each other and train together!
Only two months left until
the national team qualification match.
It's a chance to bring honor to the team
and to yourselves as well.
Put everything into your training.
But enough introduction…
It's PT time!
Your favorite time of the day!
Let's begin!
- Kangbaek!
- Let's go!
Heater repair work at the dormitory?
Then… have Kang Ho-young
stay at my place for now.
Yes, sir. I'll have it arranged.
And… I heard Eun-ho is staying
at a boarding house.
Should I go bring him back?
No. Just find out the address.
Oh… certainly.
What... what are you talking about?
What? Are you deaf or something?
You weren't like this
when you borrowed our money.
And now that you have to pay it back,
you are having memory issues?
I didn't borrow your money!
It was that woman…
Why do I have to pay it back?
You didn't know?
When she borrowed the money,
she took it as a joint loan!
Cosigned with your name!
And now she's nowhere to be found!
So who should pay it back?
The cosigner! Obviously!
That makes no sense!
Well aren't you stubborn!
You can sort it out among yourselves later.
This place looks expensive.
You can sell it and pay us back!
Anyway, that interest
really creeps up fast.
Unless you want some serious trouble later,
I'd sell it fast if I were you.
Let's start with
a week's worth of interest.
Then we'll all be happy
during the next visit.
Let's go, boys.
Good luck.
Where in the world is that crazy broad?
Come on in!
What's going on?
Just listen to me for a second.
They are all dying to get
just a glimpse of their training!
They are training right now!
Just trust me, okay?
That skater in the YouTube video
everyone is talking about…
You are him, right?
Huh?
Aren't you?
The winner of the PyeongChang amateur race!
The one who gave Park Eun-ho
a run for his money!
The rising star! Kang Ho-young!
Hello.
Since we have them both here,
Park Eun-ho and Kang Ho-young,
let's interview them both.
Did you say interview?
We can do that. Sure.
No, you can't do that.
Get back to training!
Your match video is
a YouTube sensation right now.
Park Eun-ho, the short track emperor!
And Kang Ho-young, the rising star!
What was that race like?
From what we've seen on that video,
it was difficult to tell who's better.
Well… It was a good experience.
Same for me.
Training together like you are right now,
you probably know each other's weaknesses
better than anyone.
So what do you think?
Has Park's condition recovered?
Well, he's got a solid foundation.
He'll recover soon enough.
A diamond in the dirt, the amazing newbie,
the potential of a genius...
These are what people say about Kang.
What do you think?
As you know, the basics are
more important than anything in skating.
The forms you learn as a child
determine your whole career.
The form you take during a race
affects your record as well as
your game management.
In that sense,
Kang Ho-young is still just a kid.
In other words,
he's still a very poor skater.
Ha ha! What a fierce competition here!
Now to Kang Ho-young, the rising star,
the lord of ice!
How would you rate Park Eun-ho?
Well, people say
he's the emperor or whatever.
Then he's a pretty weak emperor.
He lacks endurance, you know?
It's something he should work on, I think.
They should be
going back to their training now.
Let's end this interview.
Good work.
Still just a kid?
Lacks endurance? What do you know?
You always make mistakes towards the end.
Says the guy who shakes his arms about
whenever he skates.
A bad form can be corrected!
Stamina can be improved.
I'm the short track emperor!
Emperor? More like a loser!
Again with that loser crap!
I'm not going to tell you to
get along with each other.
But if you are going to be interviewed,
do it right.
What the heck was that?
That was painful!
Are you trying to let everyone know
that you hate each other?
No personal interviews from now on.
That includes talking to reporters.
Do 30 minutes of warm up exercise
before each training session.
Take videos and send them to me.
It's your punishment.
Coach!
You two stay overtime for
additional training for one week.
3000m, 13 laps each, four times.
Then 10 laps around the track.
Coach!
Right. Just keep yapping.
Make that 20 laps.
What's the delay?
Move it!
You all right?
It hurts. Don't even talk to me.
What are you, kids?
How come you two are constantly fighting?
How are you going to work as a team?
Hey! Ho-young!
Are you done training?
Hey, I'm here too.
Ho-young! You looked
great on screen!
I watched the YouTube video.
Me too! You were so good!
I mean… yeah, I'm good.
But I'm better.
Shut up over there…
What are you chuckling about?
Huh? It's nothing.
Hey! These hands right here…
They did something great today!
Like this? Like a gentleman?
By the way, what's up with Man-hee?
This blind fool right here…
Why does she even like you?
- What? Why?
- Just shut up!
What do you want me to do?
You are obsessed with cleanliness.
It's because it's dirty.
Ho-young! How could you?
Whoa! You should have knocked!
Don't look! Don't look!
…It's nothing.
Don't look!
Dust!
Maeng Man-hee!
Why, you!
DUST!
I saw it.
What?
Hey, Man-hee!
Don't look!
That little…!
They are about the same anyway…
I'm here for the bowls.
Is your mom home?
Yes. Why?
Tell her to call me. I found someone
who can give her a quick loan.
Quick loan? Does she need money?
Yeah, just some stuff…
Anyway, be sure to tell her, okay?
Quick loan…?
Okay…
You're back.
Did you collect the bowls?
Yeah, I took them back to the restaurant.
Oh, good job. Go get some rest.
Hey, mom?
Hmm?
It's nothing…
Boring kid…
Hey, Man-hee!
What do you do around here?
Go help with the dishes or something.
I'm a high school senior!
So what? You eat too, don't you?
Besides, you already got accepted
to a college.
I still have stuff to do!
Do you ever wonder how hard it is for mom
to feed all these people?
She works at the restaurant all day
and comes home to take care of you.
How tough do you think that is?
What's with you all of a sudden?
Mom's having a tough time!
You two do the cleaning from now on.
Ji-na. You come out and help too! Got it?
He thinks he's so nice. Seriously…
Has Man-bok always been like that?
If you want to stay here,
help out with the deliveries.
Or you can serve at the restaurant
during the busy hours.
Huh? Why?
Were you expecting free meals?
Okay, got it. Whatever you need!
How much are you paying us?
How much do you want?
Are you going to pay whatever?
Tell me. How much is it?
Then I'm going to call it a little high.
You know my mom's cooking skills.
You get unlimited meals, and you have my room…
400,000 won a month.
Hey, hey! That's too little!
Go higher!
I'll give you 500,000.
But I want the room for myself.
Hey, no way!
Fine. We'll sleep here for tonight.
I'll move everything out to the
room by the gate tomorrow.
But you pay on the first day of the month.
Hey. Has he always been so articulate?
He's the kind of guy
who just can't see his mother suffer.
A real good kid.
But I wonder if the business is bad…
It's been a while
since I saw him this serious.
Ooh! That's impressive!
Planning on wrestling a bull or something?
Running like a brute like you do every day
is no good for speed skating at all.
All that muscle building you do
is no good either.
You understand?
So good to see you boys
exercising early in the morning!
Train harder!
Yes ma'am!
You want me to stay
at the chairman's house?
The heater's broken at the dorm.
Stay at the chairman's house for now.
It's right next to the training center.
Should be convenient for you.
But that's still… you know…
Don't back talk.
It's just him over there.
So no loud noises.
Greet him properly when you see him.
All right…
Come on in!
We have high hopes for you, Ho-young!
Come on upstairs!
The chairman usually doesn't do this.
But you're very special! Very special!
Very special!
Come on up!
Up here!
You can use this room right here.
You'll find it quite comfortable.
It's a good house.
Would have been nice
if Eun-ho were here too.
Get some rest for now.
- Thank you so much!
- Sure.
Thank you!
- Get some rest.
- Thank you!
Why would that Eun-ho
leave this wonderful place?
Hello, sir!
Oh, how's the room?
It's really great!
Oh, good… I heard you skated before?
Yes, until the first year in high school.
The whole reason I founded
this organization is…
to discover people like you,
to train them properly,
and to help them become professionals.
Here at Kangbaek,
you don't have to hold anything back.
Thank you so much!
In your team, there's a kid named
Park Eun-ho. Do you know him?
Yes, I saw him during the training.
How is he?
As an athlete, I mean.
As an athlete?
I think he's an excellent athlete.
I'm learning a lot training with him.
Aim to be better than him.
Never be content with anything less.
I'm not saying this because he's my son.
He's naturally weak.
That's why people say he lacks endurance.
He can always train his endurance, I think.
He's... full of strengths!
Is that so?
This fireplace really warms the place up!
By the way, that's a strange picture…
Looks like he won a prize!
You should both be happy.
But you both look a little stiff…
Maybe it was just the camera flash.
Come on, smile a bit!
You know what they say.
Happy is as happy does!
Smile! Like this!
There we go!
I'm here to pack my things.
Gosh, it's like a pigsty here!
And you were acting so clean
at Man-bok's place.
Get out.
Hey, be nice to your dad.
He's all alone here in this huge house.
None of your business.
You should be good to your parents
when they are still around.
What do you know?
Yeah, what do I know, right?
It's not even my family.
Oh, and while we're at it…
I'm going to date Ji-na.
Huh? Says who?
Whom she dates is up to her.
It's not your call.
What? Are you going to compete with me?
Well I'm not turning it down.
Do you honestly think you have a chance?
We'll see, won't we?
Let's do it, then!
I'm not giving anything up!
Not skating! Not Ji-na!
Be my guest! Let's do this!
The qualification match is
just around the corner.
So we'll focus our training on
preparing for the match.
Be sure to keep up your condition.
Am I clear?
Yes!
Then let's start training!
Let's go!
I'm going to date Ji-na.
Says who?
The competition starts now!
I'll never lose to you!
Let's go!
Delicious soup is here!
Thank you!
Boring… so boring…
I can't take this anymore!
Hey, Man-bok!
Maeng Man-bok!
Hey, wait up!
From… all the way back there…
I've been calling you over and over!
You didn't even answer!
You bastard!
I was wondering why
you were speeding like that.
It was just a delivery?
Just a delivery?
It's a lot of trouble for mom if I'm late.
Oh, oh, is that right?
What a sweet boy!
Where did this guy come from!
Huh? What's wrong?
Nothing.
You think I wouldn't notice
after all these years? What is it?
It's really nothing.
Just thought mom could use some help.
Huh? Ji-na! What are you doing here?
I work here now.
Work?
I figured I should cover my own spending.
Until the audition, that is.
Just wake up and go back to America.
If uncle finds this out,
he'll give mom trouble.
Well I'm going to pass this time!
Also, one cup of coffee for two guys?
That's cheap…
Out of generosity, you let me stay here
until the dorm is fixed.
Thank you very much.
But I am a bit uncomfortable here.
I'm returning to a friend's place.
P.S. Eun-ho is here too
Manager, it's me.
Find out what kind of place
Eun-ho's boarding house is.
Yeah.
What could possibly be so great about it
that both of them are staying there?
The lady at the hair salon says
she knows where you can get a loan.
She told you that?
Does it matter?
Mom. Do we really need a loan?
Are things that bad?
Why didn't you tell me anything?
I'm your eldest son.
You saying that is reassuring enough.
My son! Maeng Man-bok!
Quit joking around.
Of course things aren't good.
Look how many mouths we're feeding.
That's it.
Don't you worry about a thing,
and focus on your training.
You joining the national team,
that's my only wish.
That's your wish?
Of course. What else is there?
Sounds like that Eun-ho is
a real famous athlete.
You can learn from him and be famous!
How nice would that be?
So you just worry about your training.
That's how you can repay me.
Okay.
That hairdresser!
I should sew her mouth shut or something.
Why tell him about the loan?
But yeah, we are in trouble, all right.
Whew, its cold!
Hey, uh… here.
You came back to Korea to audition, right?
I saw this on a wall out there.
Thought I should give it to you.
You brought it here for me?
I mean… yeah. It reminded me of you.
You thought I didn't know about this?
Huh? Oh, yeah.
Yeah…
No way you'd miss this.
You know, right?
Just thought I should remind you.
Here, I'll throw it away for you.
Hey, no taking back!
You said you brought it for me.
Um… Yeah. You can continue.
But hey, thanks for thinking about me.
You care so much about me!
Now I really have to pass.
But I'm starting to lose confidence…
Lose confidence?
Why?
Look here.
You dance well. You sing well.
You are pretty,
and also in great shape!
No reason you shouldn't pass!
Just go to that audition.
First place, guaranteed.
Am I really that good?
Of course!
Wait till you hear what the judges say.
"Where have you been all this time?"
That's what they'll say.
Wow, hearing you say that
really helps me a lot!
Let's go!
Put that back.
Come on.
That's what I'm talking about!
Now that's pretty!
What do you think?
Isn't it a bit… provocative?
That's how a good underwear should be!
But still…
That one over there!
Don't even look at that one!
If you are not feeling this one…
How about this?
That's pretty!
- How about this?
- This?
It's made for you!
Red looks real good on you!